fix(aws-eks): proxy support and allow assigning a security group to all cluster handler functions (#17200)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-eks/README.md

#### Cluster Handler

The `ClusterHandler` is a set of Lambda functions (`onEventHandler`, `isCompleteHandler`) responsible for interacting with the EKS API in order to control the cluster lifecycle. To provision these functions inside the VPC, set the `placeClusterHandlerInVpc` property to `true`. This will place the functions inside the private subnets of the VPC based on the selection strategy specified in the [`vpcSubnets`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/api/latest/docs/@aws-cdk_aws-eks.Cluster.html#vpcsubnetsspan-classapi-icon-api-icon-experimental-titlethis-api-element-is-experimental-it-may-change-without-noticespan) property.

You can configure the environment of the Cluster Handler functions by specifying it at cluster instantiation. For example, this can be useful in order to configure an http proxy:

```ts
const cluster = new eks.Cluster(this, 'hello-eks', {
  version: eks.KubernetesVersion.V1_21,
  clusterHandlerEnvironment: {
    https_proxy: 'http://proxy.myproxy.com'
  },
  /**

>    * If proxy is not open to public you may pass a security group to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If the proxy is not open publicly, you can pass a security group to the
```

>    * Cluster Handler Lambdas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Cluster Handler Lambdas so that it can reach the proxy.
```
